For Code-Foo challenge
Name: Matt Gannon
Phone: (408)506-3626
email: gannon@umail.ucsb.edu
Date: 5/30/11

Brief Bio:
	Hi, my name's Matt Gannon, I'm 20 years old, and I'm currently finishing up my second year of studying Computer Science at University of California,Santa Barbara College of Engineering.  I've had classes in C, C++, Java, and some XML (due to the java build files and the like), as well as some assembly language programming in MIPS. I've also received the College of Engineering Dean's Honor list for my grades in the study of Computer Science for numerous quarters.
I am an avid gamer, and my dream career has always been to be a developer of games and media.  Even though I have not finished my studies at UCSB, I believe that the experience in
learning new languages at a fast pace and my ability to adapt would make me able to fulfill most tasks given to me.  My permanent residence is in Santa Clara, making it easy for me
to get to San Fransisco if I should be chosen.  I believe that an internship at IGN would greatly help my goal of getting into the field of video games, and would take this
internship of any others I might be accepted into of this summer. Unfortunately, I only have work experience volunteering in various shops and community centers around my area, but I'm very eager to change that, and one way or another will get a job this summer.

I hope to hear from you guys soon!




The files included in this submission are:
-Question1.txt (contains the thought processes on how to answer question 1)
-Question2.txt (contains brief explanation and solution to question 2)
-KnightsTour.java (code for question 3, done in java so it can work on all machines,
	sparsely commented due to the fact that this was done during my finals week.)
-KnightsTour.class (the compiled code for KnightsTour.java, can be run from command line by typing java KnightsTour)
-Question3graph.png (a png of a graph that shows the number of spaces taken vs the number of turns completed for question 3.)
-IGNfiresubmission.jpg (an image I made in GIMP, and since I noticed IGN sometimes uses lolcats in their article pictures,
	I thought it might catch the attention of some people at the offices.)


Note: I would like to make it clear that the concept for solving the knights tour problem came from wikipedia's page on the topic, and that I take
no credit for the method in how to solve the problem.  What I do take credit for is translating that algorithm to my own code in java.

PS: if I had more time, I would have made the program much nicer to read, and had inputs to indicate where you wish the knight to start at.